TTL Input Warning Report
MSV 1
CAT Error! Failure during file translation
CAT Information about missing, skipped, unsupported or found commands
CAT SIP warnings
CAT Warning appears during translation
CAT Warning! Break polygon by D02 code
CAT Warning! Ignore D02 inside polygon.
CAT Warning! Zero size dcode defined.
CAT Full circle definition in polygon
CAT Breaking diagonal square line
CAT Warning! Found NULL character / Non-printable.
CAT Warning! Converting very big radius arc to line.
CAT Must break step & repeat
CAT Warning! Added G01 (linear interpolation) command
CAT Warning! An arc with special aperture converted to Round aperture
CAT Warning! Ignoring less than 3 edges AM outline.
CAT Diagonal rectangular line found
CAT Warning! Sip was converted to outline.
CAT Warning! Octagon angle setting
CAT Warning! Polygon angle setting
CAT Warning! An arc with radius zero was found
CAT Warning! Zero degree arc was changed to line.
CAT Warning! Found empty macro
CAT Warning! Absolute value of a negative dimension of aperture macro entity was taken
CAT Warning! Inconsistent arc definition. Very small arc replaced by line.
CAT Warning! Inconsistent arc was broken into two arcs
CAT Warning! Polygon aperture encountered
CAT Warning! Missing separator.
CAT Warning! Negative I or J encountered. G75 is assumed
CAT Warning! Some steps may have negative features and they overlap
CAT Warning! Layer exceeds coordinates limit
CAT Warning! Layer is empty after input
CAT Warning! Numbering format is bigger than 5.5
CAT Warning! D03 found within a polygon - ignored.
CAT Warning! Interpreted zero-degree arc as 360 degree.
CAT Warning! Inconsistent arc was found and corrected.
CAT Warning! Last polygon is missing G37. Closed by M02.
CAT Warning! Inconsistent usage of standalone D01/D03 blocks might result in additional lines/pads
CAT Warning! Inconsistent usage of D01/D03 blocks might result in missing lines/pads
CAT Warning! One edge polygon(s) changed into r0 lines
CAT Some symbols with negative features were not contourized
CAT Some symbols with negative features were contourized
CAT Warning! Donut outer diameter equals to inner.
CAT IPNEG parameter found
CAT Aperture macro primitive rotated
CAT Zero size primitive in aperture macro
CAT Multiple OF/IO/MI/SF commands found
CAT Block contains D01 command only
CAT KO parameter encountered
CAT M02 command is missing
CAT Macro converted to standard symbol
CAT Warning! Some steps may have negative features and they overlap
CAT Warning! Arc encountered with no G74/5
CAT Warning! duplicate Dcode definition.
CAT Warning! no D01/D02/D03 after tool change, D02 assumed.
CAT Warning! Arc not on single quadrant
CAT Warning! Dcode not selected before first command, may affect the data.
CAT Warning! Skipped zero size polygon.
CAT Re-input with filling polylines has failed and only raw data was re-input
CAT Re-input's layer was not created
CAT Warning! Diagonal line with special symbol found.
CAT Warning! Dcode definition problem result might be wrong.
CAT Warning! Arc Start, End and Center points are on X or Y axis, Start End are not equal
_END_CAT
ITM 38 1
TXT Warning! Inconsistent usage of D01/D03 blocks might result in missing lines/pads - check parameter "Input Gerber files using Japanese style"  
VAL I 1
LYR 52502032top_p
SHP S LN 20.83661417 2.50740551 20.93503937 2.50740551 0.00984252 R
